== check the reference.
equal() chceck the content

In C#, a data source for LINQ (Language-Integrated Query) can be any collection of objects that implements the IEnumerable<T>
or IQueryable<T> interface. This includes arrays, lists, dictionaries, and other collection classes.

The IEnumerable<T> interface is the most basic interface for collections in C#. It defines a method called GetEnumerator that returns an enumerator,
which can be used to iterate over the elements in the collection.

The IQueryable<T> interface is a more advanced interface that is used for querying data from a database or other data source.
It extends the IEnumerable<T> interface and adds support for deferred execution and query translation.

Here's an example of how to use an array as a data source for LINQ:

In this example, we define an array of integers called numbers and use it as a data source for a LINQ query.
The query uses a where clause to filter the even numbers from the array and a select clause to project the filtered numbers into a new sequence.

We then use a foreach loop to iterate over the resulting sequence and print out each even number to the console.

Note that LINQ can also be used to query data from a database or other data source, such as a web service or XML file. 
In these cases, the data source is typically represented by an IQueryable<T> object, 
which allows LINQ to translate the query into a format that can be executed by the data source.
In C#, a delegate is a type that represents a reference to a method with a specific signature. Delegates are similar to function pointers in C++, and they allow you to pass methods as arguments to other methods or store them as variables.

An event is a mechanism in C# that allows an object to notify other objects when something happens. Events are based on delegates, and they allow you to define a set of methods that can be called when the event is raised.

The relationship between delegates and events is that events are based on delegates. When you define an event, you are actually defining a delegate type that represents the signature of the methods that can be called when the event is raised.

Here's an example of how to define a delegate and an event in C#:
