In redux we have a store, actions and reducers. 
Here, the data flow is uni-directional and we can have a decoupled design where data management is separated from the UI.

36. What is Redux?
Redux is a state management tool. While it’s mostly used with React, it can be used with any other JavaScript framework or library.
Redux allows you to manage your entire application state in one object, called the Store.
Updates to the Store will trigger re-renders of components that are connected to the part of the store that was updated. When we want to update something, 
we call an Action. We also create functions to handle these actions and return the updated Store. These functions are called Reducers.



41. How are Actions defined in Redux?
Actions in React must have a type property that indicates the type of ACTION being performed. 
They must be defined as a String constant and you can add more properties to it as well. In Redux, 
actions are created using the functions called Action Creators. Below is an example of Action and Action Creator:

42. Explain the role of Reducer.
Reducers are pure functions which specify how the application’s state changes in response to an ACTION.
Reducers work by taking in the previous state and action, and then it returns a new state.
It determines what sort of update needs to be done based on the type of the action, and then returns new values.
It returns the previous state as it is, if no work needs to be done.

43. What is the significance of Store in Redux?
A store is a JavaScript object which can hold the application’s state and provide some methods to access the state,
dispatch actions. The entire state/ object tree of an application is saved in a single store. As a result of this,
Redux is very simple and predictable. We can pass middleware to the store to handle the processing of data as well as 
to keep a log of various actions that change the state of stores. All the actions return a new state via reducers.

46. What is React Router?
React Router is a powerful routing library built on top of React, This keeps the URL in sync with data that’s being displayed on the web page. 
It maintains a standardized structure and behavior and is used for developing single page web applications. React Router has a simple API.

47. Why is switch keyword used in React Router v4?
The <switch> tag when in use matches the URL with the defined routes in sequential order. When the first match is found,
it renders the specified route. And then bypassing the remaining routes.

48. what is redux-thunk, and how it works?
   with redux-thunk, we can create async action creator, which can return function from the ation creator
   dispacth(fetchuserRequest())
    const fetchUsers = () =>{
      return function(dispatch){
         axios.get('url').then(
          response =>{
          dispatch(fetchUserSuccess(users)
          
         )
      })
      .catch{
        error =>{
        dispatch
      }
    
    }





  

